Mom, this is what I just told you
I'm not your biological daughter
I'm the one you spent 50,000 bucks on
Bought from a human trafficker
I was four years old.
Remember, remember.
Be quiet, don't worry.
Mom has seen Empresses in the palace
I will accompany you.
Act the scene well
Let you fly to the branches and become a phoenix hahaha
If you are not good, I will open the door.
Aunt, this is Mr. Zhou
This is Young Master Su. They want to come and see their cousin?
OK, come in please.
About getting into the hotel?
Jingjing has already told me
I never thought of that.
I was
It cost 50,000 bucks
A little girl bought from a human trafficker
It turned out to be your CEO Zhou's daughter
You see I searched for a long time in the morning
I just found the clothes I wore quietly when I was a child
Follow the photo
That's right, my sister
Yiyi my Yiyi
Mom has been looking for you for 15 years
15 years
God changes
Finally, mom found you
Mom